# pokemon-go
Pokemon Go!: This is a spin off version of the game Pokemon Go using inheritance and polymorphism. The goal of this game is to collect two of each type of pokemon. There are six types of pokemon. After you have caught all six twice. You want to make your way to the cave. There they will evolve from stage 1 to stage 2 pokemon. After you have evolved them to stage two, you want to go back to the original place you stated the game (so make of note of your original position) aka where the professor is. There it will check to make sure you caught and evolved all the pokemon. If you did it will print a winner message, but if you didn't, the game will keep going. This game has two version. You say which version you would like to play when you run the makefile. You can play the regular version, by just running make. This will print a blank chart with just an x to show you your location. As you move around the board, messages will print to tell you what is nearby, but won't tell you what is in your location. You can also play this game in debug version. In debug version, it will print a board with the name of what is in each location. Also, every pokemon is already evolved to stage one, so the only thing you have to do is go to the cave and then back to the professor to win the game. If you want to run the debug version, run make -D DEBUG. To run either version, a command line parameter is needed to determine the size of the chart to use. The chart must be 3x3 or larger. Once you run the makefile, it will make an executable called poke. Ex: poke 4
